Bachealors degree in Computer science (through MIT) >> Masters in ? (maybe (if -- rare) ) >> some experience in data science (2 years) >> Machine learning enginear

-----------------------------------------------------

Responsibilities of a Machine Learning Engineer :- 

    To study and convert data science prototypes. 
    To design and develop Machine Learning systems and schemes. 
    To perform statistical analysis and fine-tune models using test results.
    To find available datasets online for training purposes. 
    To train and re-train ML systems and models as and when necessary. 
    To extend and enrich existing ML frameworks and libraries.
    To develop Machine Learning apps according to customer/client requirements.
    To research, experiment with, and implement suitable ML algorithms and tools.
    To analyze the problem-solving capabilities and use-cases of ML algorithms and rank them by their success probability.
    To explore and visualize data for better understanding and identify differences in data distribution that could impact model performance when deploying it in the real-world

How to Become a Machine Learning Engineer :-
1. Education
	(a) Masters > Ph.D > BA (very flexible)
	(b) Computer science - best degree to becom a ML engineer
2. Companies
	(a) Apple , Amazon , twitter , etc
	(b) Mostly big firms
3. Industries (that require Ml engineer as a job posting)
	(a) IT
	(b) Retails & Whole Sale
	(c) Consulting and buisness - including fianance
4. State and city (only USA) that has the hieghest job oppurtunities
	(a) California
	(b) New York
5. Experience needed (in related fields) to land the job
	(a) 2-3 years > 4-5 years > 0 years (you can land a job with 0 experience -- although very rare) > 5+ years

Skills Required to be a Machine Learning Engineer :- 

    Advanced degree in Computer Science/Math/Statistics or a related discipline.
    Advanced Math and Statistics skills (linear algebra, calculus, Bayesian statistics, mean, median, variance, etc.)
    Robust data modelling and data architecture skills.
    Programming experience in Python, R, Java, C++, etc.
    Knowledge of Big Data frameworks like Hadoop, Spark, Pig, Hive, Flume, etc.
    Experience in working with ML frameworks like TensorFlow and Keras.
    Experience in working with various ML libraries and packages like Scikit learn, Theano, Tensorflow, Matplotlib, Caffe, etc.
    Strong written and verbal communications
    Excellent interpersonal and collaboration skills. 

Salary of a ml engineer:-
    $146,085 - starting salary
    Obviously it will increase throught ime and be much more in the start if you have experience in related fields or a Phd
-------------------------------------------------------

 - Best college for this is MIT period
 - Best enviorment + students + marks + studies + practical apllications + etc

MIT (my plan for choosing subjects in it -- whatever had a choice + compulsory) :-

1. Mathanatics - Linear algebra
2. Computation algorythms - Introduction to Computer Science Programming in Python , Introduction to Algorithms , Mathematics for Computer Science , Design and Analysis of Algorithms , Fundamentals of Programming
3. Econmics - Principles of microeconmics , Econometric data science
4. Introductory Probability and Statistics - Introduction to probability/Probability and random variables (depends on what i know then)
5. Data science - Introduction to machine learning
6. Project based - Seminar in Undergraduate Advanced Research , Research and Communication in Economics: Topics, Methods, and Implementation
7. Elective subjects - Networks
8. (a) Strategy and Information , (b) Market design , (c) International Trade --- Not options (have to do all 3 -- i don't understand this part)

